cpp-http app:  Add scripts (#31)
unikraft/catalog-core: cpp-http/scripts/README.md

> # Scripts for C HTTP Server on Unikraft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scripts for C++ HTTP Server on Unikraft
```

These are companions instruction to the main instructions in the [`README`](README.md).

> Use scripts as quick actions for building and running a simple CPP HTTP server on Unikraft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use scripts as quick actions for building and running C++ HTTP server on Unikraft.
```
